In previous typologies we configured a single hoop and BGP network.
In other words the custom Aurora only had a single connection to another Rodda in the real world.
Businesses may only have a single connection to the Internet service providers or ISP.
So that's called a single human connection.
It could be any kind of wind connection so it could be a DSL Cable cereal or emplace connection but
for additional redundancy enterprises may have what are called Duell home to connections.
So as an example customer to here has two connections to the same ISP router and for additional redundancy
they may have singleton multi-hundred connections.
In other words they have connections to multiple on use PS in this typology.
Customer one has a connection to level 3.
That is one ISP as well as AT&T.
So in other words the customer has redundancy here because if there's a problem in the Level 3 autonomous
system traffic can be rerouted via AT&T customer to has additional redundancy in that it has a jewel
homed connection to level 3 but it also has an additional connection to AT&T.
So in this example custom 2 has redundancy of links to level 3 as well as redundancy of peace.
If for example the primary ISP is AT&T and there's a problem on this link or there's a problem in the
Autonomy's system traffic can be sent via level 3.
If there's a problem on this Ethan link then traffic can go via an alternate link.
So we have multiple links for redundancy in the topology now at CCMA level.
We don't get into routing metrics so we don't look at using local preference wait autonomous system
path lengths and other criteria to force traffic to go one way rather than another way.
At CC MP and CCSB level you'll learn how to manipulate BGP routes to force traffic to go across one
link and if they have problems to go across an alternate link or to load sharing with some traffic users
one link and other traffic uses an alternate link.
So you share your traffic across both links in this typology.
We have both an Ethernet and serial connection from customer to to level 3 at CC MP and CCI level.
You'll learn about how to force traffic to use one path rather than another.
At CCMA we're not concerned about that.
All I want you to learn here is how to make connections to multiple ISP.
From a customer.
So how would you configure a custom t to talk to level 3 as an example when you've got two links.
And how would you get customers to talk to two ISP.
So download the package trace a topology and see if you can do this yourself or configure it.
The links are configured to the IP addresses but nothing else is being configured.
You'll know that you've successfully got this working when customer one can ping the loopback of customer
to route for the loopback afforded for that 4.4.
Rhoda one has a loop back of wondered wondered what.
One makes sure that the routers can ping each other's loop BACS make sure that you see multiple routes
in the wrong table going through different autonomous systems so see if you can do this yourself in
the next video.
I'll show you how to configure this network and get it working.